Expand "batch processing" tutorial with steps for manual correction (#4829)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/analysis-pipelines-with-sct/inspecting-the-results.rst

   :file: MTR_in_DC.csv
   :header-rows: 1

.. _batch-qc_report:

Quality Control report
----------------------

Because the ``-qc`` flag was used for each of the SCT commands within the ``process_data.sh`` batch script, a QC report is generated under the ``qc/`` folder. It can be viewed by running ``open qc/index.html``, or by double-clicking on the ``index.html`` file:

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spinalcordtoolbox/doc-figures/master/batch-processing-of-subjects/qc.png
   :align: center

> When processing batches of subjects, QC reports are especially useful as they have several features to help quickly assess batches of subjects all at once:

Reviewer: what do you think about something like this?

```suggestion
When processing multiple subjects (e.g., using `sct_run_batch`), QC reports are especially useful as they have several features to help quickly assess multiple images all at once:
```
